src/cv.md, before:

<header>
# Sebastian Vilhelm Juhl

![](./sebastian.jpeg)

<div class="metadata">
[seb.vilhelm@gmail.com](mailto:seb.vilhelm@gmail.com) | +45 30244148 | [github.com/sebvilhelm](https://github.com/sebvilhelm/)
</div>

</header>

I am a software engineer from Copenhagen, where I live with my wife and daughter. I am passionate about UX, performance and accessibility, and I like React, systems design, and static type systems. I am unafraid to dive into uncharted waters, and love to develop my skills and learn new technologies.

## Proficiencies

I'm a software engineer, who's spent most of my professional time on front-end, crossing the boundary towards back-end mostly to develop APIs. I don't identify myself to a particular part of the stack, though, because to me, each boundary is only a part of the entire machine, that works most efficiently when each part plays well into each-others strengths.

I've been using React professionally for 5 years, and GraphQL almost as-long. I'm very keen on both technologies, but I'm not blind to their trade-offs. No technology is a silver bullet.

For back-end technologies I've spent the most time in Node.js servers, but also some times in Ruby on Rails, Go servers, and in my spare time I'm currently learning Rust.

## Professional Experience

### 07/2021 - current: Software Engineer, Lunar

Working in the squad owning the internal CRM.

- Primary engineer for a front-end in Typescript with React, using GraphQL to interface with micro service back-ends.
- Maintaining and refining the architecture of said front end, using Webpack and graphql-codegen.
- Implementing CI/CD steps in Jenkins and GitHub Actions.
- Maintenance of a legacy back-end monolith in Node.js, using Typescript, Graphql, Express, Swagger, and internal libraries for event handling and ORM.
- Assistance in splitting said monolith vertically into micro services built in Go, co-designing with the team and contributing to APIs and code.
- Maintaining a GraphQL gateway service, stitching all micro service GraphQL endpoints into a singular schema for the front-end.

### 03/2019 - 06/2021: Software Engineer, Zendesk

Working as a Full Stack developer in the Growth team for the Zendesk product Guide, maintaining the theming integration for Guide Help Centers. Working on a lot of React and Ruby on Rails.

- Maintaining and developing the framework for theming in Guide.
- Building and integrating a marketplace for purchasing and selling themes for Guide.
- Led the push for accessibility improvements and WCAG2 compliance for Zendesk Guide.
- Developing a public REST API for managing Guide themes.
- Writing tests using several frameworks, including Jest, Mocha, AVA, Selenium, Cypress, and RSpec.
- Writing and maintaining GraphQL backends in Ruby and Node.js.
- Maintaining build tooling for several JavaScript projects.

### 08/2018 - 10/2018: Developer Intern, Ajukreizi Aps

### 06/2017 - 03/2018: Student Developer, Frankly A/S

### 01/2017 - 06/2017: Developer Intern, Frankly A/S

## Relevant Education

### 2017 - 2019: BA Web Development

_Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA)_

### 2015 - 2017: AP Graduate in Multimedia Design and Communication

_Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA)_

Commit message:

Adding some lines about student jobs

src/cv.md, after:

<header>
# Sebastian Vilhelm Juhl

![](./sebastian.jpeg)

<div class="metadata">
[seb.vilhelm@gmail.com](mailto:seb.vilhelm@gmail.com) | +45 30244148 | [github.com/sebvilhelm](https://github.com/sebvilhelm/)
</div>

</header>

I am a software engineer from Copenhagen, where I live with my wife and daughter. I am passionate about UX, performance and accessibility, and I like React, systems design, and static type systems. I am unafraid to dive into uncharted waters, and love to develop my skills and learn new technologies.

## Proficiencies

I'm a software engineer, who's spent most of my professional time on front-end, crossing the boundary towards back-end mostly to develop APIs. I don't identify myself to a particular part of the stack, though, because to me, each boundary is only a part of the entire machine, that works most efficiently when each part plays well into each-others strengths.

I've been using React professionally for 5 years, and GraphQL almost as-long. I'm very keen on both technologies, but I'm not blind to their trade-offs. No technology is a silver bullet.

For back-end technologies I've spent the most time in Node.js servers, but also some times in Ruby on Rails, Go servers, and in my spare time I'm currently learning Rust.

## Professional Experience

### 07/2021 - current: Software Engineer, Lunar

Working in the squad owning the internal CRM.

- Primary engineer for a front-end in Typescript with React, using GraphQL to interface with micro service back-ends.
- Maintaining and refining the architecture of said front end, using Webpack and graphql-codegen.
- Implementing CI/CD steps in Jenkins and GitHub Actions.
- Maintenance of a legacy back-end monolith in Node.js, using Typescript, Graphql, Express, Swagger, and internal libraries for event handling and ORM.
- Assistance in splitting said monolith vertically into micro services built in Go, co-designing with the team and contributing to APIs and code.
- Maintaining a GraphQL gateway service, stitching all micro service GraphQL endpoints into a singular schema for the front-end.

### 03/2019 - 06/2021: Software Engineer, Zendesk

Working as a Full Stack developer in the Growth team for the Zendesk product Guide, maintaining the theming integration for Guide Help Centers. Working on a lot of React and Ruby on Rails.

- Maintaining and developing the framework for theming in Guide.
- Building and integrating a marketplace for purchasing and selling themes for Guide.
- Led the push for accessibility improvements and WCAG2 compliance for Zendesk Guide.
- Developing a public REST API for managing Guide themes.
- Writing tests using several frameworks, including Jest, Mocha, AVA, Selenium, Cypress, and RSpec.
- Writing and maintaining GraphQL backends in Ruby and Node.js.
- Maintaining build tooling for several JavaScript projects.

### 08/2018 - 10/2018: Developer Intern, Ajukreizi Aps

Front end intern, working on projects for external clients in React, Next.js, and JavaScript.

### 06/2017 - 03/2018: Student Developer, Frankly A/S

### 01/2017 - 06/2017: Developer Intern, Frankly A/S

Working as an intern, and later as a student worker, on projects for external clients, mostly custom Wordpress solutions with lots of custom PHP, CSS and JavaScript, and also web ads in JavaScript

## Relevant Education

### 2017 - 2019: BA Web Development

_Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA)_

### 2015 - 2017: AP Graduate in Multimedia Design and Communication

_Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA)_
